Week 1:
I formed a group for the project with 4 other members. We decided on the chosen 
project, name, and scrum master. The project we decided to make was a computer 
part retail store. Together, we came up with features we wanted to put into the 
website. We delegated tasks to each member for the upcoming proposal with Joanna 
and myself having the main responsibility for user stories. We also discussed our 
strengths and weaknesses regarding the software languages that we can use for the 
project.
I created several user stories this week for the main features and ideas that we 
wanted to put into the website including viewing and ordering products, build 
page, and recommendation system. It is planned to have another meeting next Monday 
to see how everyone is progressing.

Week 2:
As a team, we let each other know how we are progressing for our own given tasks. 
While everyone has not completed their tasks, we are all progressing fine. I 
edited and added a few more user stories after a discussion about it including 
adding featured products to the main page of the website. I also added all the 
user stories we had on a google doc to Jira. 

Week 3:
We had a couple of meetings this week to work out the remaining parts of the proposal 
to be completed. As a team, we went through each of the user stories again to ensure 
that all the details were correct, and the priorities and story points agreed on. 
After the user stories were finalised, I converted/edited them in Jira for 
screenshotting them in the proposal. As a group, we also separated our user stories 
into 3 initial sprints that was done in Jira. 

Week 4:
As a team, we discussed our next steps forward with starting the code base and 
foundation for our site. Van and I were delegated to the user login including making 
a new account, logging in, and editing details. Van and I together worked on setting 
up the initial front end and back end to communicate with each other. We both worked 
on the user login page, and the register page doing some work in both the front end 
and back end.

Week 5:
I continued to work on development with my main focus being on the backend. I 
completed the functions for the login page, register page, and editing profile 
details in the backend. I also added valid input checking for the login, register, 
and edit profile pages in the front end. I also added admin product management 
functions in the backend including adding, editing and removing products. Initially, 
the users and products were stored locally in the backend while the database was 
being setup. After it was successfully setup, I connected the accounts system (login, 
register, edit) to the database and pushed to a separate not used in the demo model. 
After the demonstration on Wednesday, as a group, we had a retrospective meeting in 
which we discussed how the first sprint went.  We decided to spend the rest of this 
week working on the parts of the code that were part of the first sprint that we did 
manage to get finished by Wednesday.
I worked on merging the database connected version to the main branch codebase in 
Github. I worked on using new headers to allow incoming request to be distinguished 
properly in the backend. In addition to the account system, I also implemented the 
backend code for adding new products to the database. 

Week 6:
I finalised the integrating the site with the database so that now all required 
items are stored in the database. I discussed the search function for products with 
Jordan with how it was going to work with certain inputs. I wrote the backend code 
for searching for products while Jordan wrote the frontend. I also fixed saving images 
from database either by adding products or editing products through the frontend. I did 
product research finding sample products to put into the initial database including 
CPUs, GPUs, RAM, Storage and Motherboards. Joanna then put the sample products into the 
database code so that they are present when loaded up.

Week 7:
I started to write the backend code for reviews with Van writing the frontend for it. 
This included getting reviews, creating reviews, deleting reviews, adding votes, changing 
votes, and removing votes. I also refactored the backend to simplify API calls and also 
to restructure for better readability and access. Previously, some URLs were used for 
several of the same type of API calls being separated by a custom header, but after the 
refactor, the API request have been distributed so that the custom is no longer needed. 
I also formatting images and wrote code to load the images when the database is first 
rendered with Joanna.

Week 8:
The beginning of the week I was refining some features that were planned to be in the 
demo including reviews/voting and images for the products in the database. I wrote the 
backend code for feature products on the home page which was the last feature to be 
included before the demo. 
After the demo, as a team, we had our second retrospective where we went through how 
our progression was going and things to improve on moving forward. One of the best things 
in which we improved on compared to our last sprint was GitHub management. Properly 
separating features in progress into separate branches and merging branches when necessary, 
made workflow much smoother with several people working at the same time. We agreed that 
communication needs to be improved on for out last sprint. This mainly focused on know 
what other people are doing at the moment as well as what they are planning to do next so 
other people can plan their work accordingly as well. This is important because 1 feature 
of the site requires 3 different code bases to be completed for it to work: frontend, 
backend, and database. 
I had a discussion with Marcus and Van for the details on how the chatbot was going to be 
implemented. The chatbot should address queries and items that the site currently is not 
able to do or access to it is not so simple. One example of this is recommending products 
to the user for certain use cases.
For the rest of the week, I worked on the initial code for managing sales on the site in 
the backend. This including getting sales, making new sales, and editing sales.

Week 9:
I worked on the payment system with Van. I wrote the frontend block for the shipping 
information on the payment page while Van wrote the payment information block. I also 
wrote the backend code for the payment which involved processing the frontend request 
as a new order and adding the order to the database as well as getting the orders from the 
database to send to the frontend. I wrote an order confirmed page which shows after a 
purchase was successful from the payment page and the order was placed. I connected the 
payment page with the cart to properly create the order to send to the backend. I also wrote 
a block in the profile page that allows users to view their orders.
