Week 1 

Group formed. Created a Jira workspace. Together the whole team worked on the User Stories and allocated roles for the 
proposal. I worked on the System architecture section, creating the diagram. Begun work on the description of external 
actors and technologies/languages planned for use. The difficulty I faced was a misunderstanding of the kind of diagram 
required which resulted in me spending time creating diagrams that were not used. However after the tutorial session I 
had a better understanding thus the plan for next week is to continue to work on the proposal

Week 2 

Worked on proposal, my section and resposnibilites were the System Architecture (layer diagram, description of external 
actors, and description of technologies planned for use) and the formatting of the proposal. The only difficulty I 
experienced was in understanding the diagram in terms of the order of the layers. The plan for next week is to continue 
to work on the proposal, in particular I will be working on the background section doing both research and helping to 
write it up.

Week 3

Finished and submitted the proposal and begun work on the codebase, I was planned to work on the product page and product 
lists. The first step of which was to research PC components to determine what specifications we would need and added 
dummy product data to test the pages. The main difficulties we experienced was in the use of the api specifically an 
understanding of how the frontend and backend use it to communicate. However, this was overcome with consultation of 
more experienced group members. The plan for the next week is to add support for editing, adding, and removing products. 

Week 4

I implemented the backend functions for adding, editing, and removing products as planned however I was unable to test 
these functions as the frontend for this functionality was not yet implemented. Therefore these functions are not yet 
finished but need to be prior to the first progressive demo on Wednesday which places us behind schedule of where we 
want to be, these functiuons need to be completed in order for the project to proceed. The plan for the next week is 
to finish the products functionality and ensure they are completed before the demo and then assign new work for each 
group members. 

Week 5 

For this week, I was assigned the build page and planned to spend this week doing research into the specs and technical 
requirements of computers for a variety of uses, namely animation, art, business, gaming, and, video editing/rendering. 
I was able to complete a large amount of this research and begin work on the build page backend wherein I started to 
utilise the information learned from this research. The main obstacle was that it was difficult to find the various 
needs of the different uses, this was overcome but took longer than expected. For the next week I plan to continue doing 
my research and then continue work on the implementation of the backend. 

Week 6

For this week, I planned to continue my research and implementation of the backend. The difficulties I faced, were 
largely related to my difficulties with the database, because of the age of my computer I had to find workarounds to 
install the necessary PostgreSQL support apps to access the database which were resolved by updating my computers OS 
and installing certain apps separately. I also had difficulties implementing the budget splits into the build page 
recommendation system as well as difficulties with the inconsistencies from the database to the backend to the 
frontend. The budgets were resolved with more research and a tweak to the recommendation system to only take the 
lowest price item compatible with the system and that is well suited to the user's need. The inconsistencies mentioned 
earlier were resolved by talking to other group members and working collaboratively to ensure the variables were 
consistently named. This build page recommendation was not finished but this is planned as it is a significant 
undertaking and is on track for the project. My plan for the next week is to finish the build page and then continue 
to tweak and refine it.

Week 7 

For this week, as planned I continued to work on the build page recommendation system and once this was finished I 
worked on the functionality surrounding the build page namely the save build functionality as well as debugging and 
refining. This week the recommendation system for the build page was finished as well as the functionality for users 
to save build. The main obstacle faced was in getting the build to load and send a functional and usable version of 
the build to the frontend, this was overcome by working closely with Van who is developing the frontend for the build 
page. Another major obstacle this week was the planning for the chatbot which we decided we would be unable to finish 
prior to the demonstration next week, given I had planned to work on that next my plan has changed to the following. 
My plan for the next week is to debug the build page should any problems occur and assist in any problems that arise 
between now and the demo and then begin work on the backend for the chatbot. 

Week 8 

For this week, as planned I helped with debugging and pair programming prior to the demo and then afterwards was 
assigned to the chatbot backend and to expand the functionality of the build PC recommendation system. I finished the 
build PC recommendation system, implementing the review scores into the recommendation system where a better reviewed 
item is weighted more heavily than one with lower reviews. The obstacle faced this week was the unfamiliarity with the 
chatbot library and the inability to give it the expanded functionality we had planned which we have since decided on 
a more basic version of the chatbot. Therefore, since there is no need for a complicated backend for the chatbot I am 
now planning to work on the review system to create a report system where users can report reviews which can be viewed 
by admins and reviews can be deleted by admins.

Week 9 

